Genre:
Animation, Action, Comedy 

User Reviews:
[u"Author: Grulaz from Lithuania\n6 November 2016\nOK here is the problem Cartoon network was already making enough money of ben 10 so why would they bother putting any effort into it when they could just make garbage i mean they obviously think kids are that stupid since they think they would watch any type of garbage thrown at them and by the way talagbe ''it's for kids'' is not an excuse for this piece of crap and ''it's for kids'' is not an excuse for lazyness do you honestly think that this is what kids deserve huh? and no it's not amazing it's far from that you wanna see amazing? look at steven universe now that is amazing this piece of cash grabbing trash will never be as good as steven universe\n\n30 out of 34 people found the following review useful.", u'Just...Why?\nAuthor: johnymous\n18 November 2016\nIf Omniverse was horrific then this is so beyond horrible that there is no word in the English language that can be used to describe this failure of an animated production that has been my displeasure to view.\nThis series is absolute retardation and I mean that in the very literal sense of the word.\nIt is dumbed down so far from the original Ben 10 that it irritates me to no end that this is part of an almost completely otherwise successful and enjoyable franchise.\nThe episodes have even been segmented into 11 minute shorts of some random, goofy, comical adventure that includes one morale of the story ending or another. It is suited solely for audiences of as minimal of an attention span as possible...the Cartoon Network demographic.\nThis series is garbage. It is unoriginal. And is nothing more than another product of executive greed.\n\n25 out of 28 people found the following review useful.', u"I don't know what I expected\nAuthor: funkeysc\n14 November 2016\nWhat do you say to series who's feature images contain a pile of Dino crap from Jurassic Park? Has there ever been a bigger middle finger than this? OK yeah there was Teen Titans Go and Powerpuff Girls 2016 I guess.\nBut here's the biggest issue I have with this show. It's a reboot. And I understand that Ben 10 has had a few reboots before (see my review on Omniverse) but this is an insult. Possibly worse than Omniverse.\nActually I can't compare it to Omniverse, because that at least has an original story-line, new likable characters and in some cases, acceptable animation. This is no excuse. Not only is this another reboot, but it's just a complete rehash of the original plot with maybe one or two new aliens thrown in. As if that's a good distraction...\nThis is just another bad reboot by Cartoon Network, which is not that surprising, that some how got lower scores than the two reboot shows before it. At this point, it may just be better off to not watch this show, so that way maybe CN will figure out we're done with these revamped shows.\n\n19 out of 21 people found the following review useful."]