Genre:
Animation, Action, Adventure 
Parent's Guide:
Certification:
Australia:M Canada:PG (Manitoba/Ontario, most volumes, DVD rating) Canada:14A (Ontario, part 2, DVD rating) Canada:G (Quebec) Malaysia:P13 (DVD rating) Mexico:A Mexico:B Spain:7 (cut version) United States:TV-PG

Sex & Nudity:
Be the first to evaluate this category

Be the first to evaluate this category:
Characters fight with all their power and strength. This can involve some characters dying after a big battle.

Violence & Gore:
Be the first to evaluate this category

The show is based around the main character fighting against villains. Most episodes contain fight scenes. However, the fights aren't very intense and are comical. They use "energy beams" and transformations to defeat opponents. Bruises and scrapes are shown on characters, and the occasional blood (very minimal).:
Profanity

Some characters look quite menacing.:
There is talks of destroying the world and the entire universe.


User Reviews:
[u"Author: Rafi Abdullah from Bangladesh\n9 July 2015\nDragon Ball Super does not go into full blown action packed episodes from the start unlike it's DBZ counterpart. It starts with a more funny and story based start and I like it cause newer fans can get use to the characters. It's been 18 years since the last episode of DBZ and some people didn't get the chance to watch DBZ or know all it's characters but they can now.I use to hate it when people said that DBZ has no story and is all action right off the bat but now DBS shows how the characters are developing before the big battles arrive. The starting is amazing for both old Fans and new ones.\nThe music is enjoyable but I believe Signing Bruce Faulconer as the composer can do wonders to this series. The action will probably be like 'Revival of F' and I have no problem with it cause the one thing DB excels at is it's awesome fights. Though one thing I heavily hope for this series is to not bring villains who regenerate and to use it's human characters more.\nOtherwise it is still an awesome nostalgia packed series for it's old fans and is also an awesome series for new ones.\n\n52 out of 82 people found the following review useful.", u"Stop Hating\nAuthor: Jay pantel from United States\n1 November 2015\nI'm reading the other reviews and all I'm hearing is a bunch of complaining. I don't see any difference in the original Dragon Ball and DBZ to Dragon Ball Super. Its fun and goofy just like the originals. I think most of you need to go back and watch the series again and let go of the awesomeness you remember as a child. It was epic but I think most of you are stuck on the feeling you had while watching it as a kid to what the show actually was.Dragon Ball Super to me, feels the same. It reminds me of the originals. It is fun, quirky and at times slightly goofy. The story starts great bringing the cast in full view and giving a little bit of back story. I never expected it to come out in full force with epic battles in the first few minutes. I personally like a story, the originals had a great story not just epic battles. Even other great anime have great story with lots of filler. I think people have had too many expectations for this show from the beginning and aren't giving it a chance. My advice is to give it some time.\n\n57 out of 93 people found the following review useful.", u"The Hype was well Deserved TO BE OVER 9000!!!!!\nAuthor: nsakibl64 from Bangladesh\n5 July 2015\nChildhood is back with a Bang!\nITS GONNA BE A LONG WAIT FOR SUNDAYS!!\nJudging from the 1st episode the series is gonna have the laughs we all remember and action packed fun ..Goku is his goofy self...but always got his priorities straight...prepare for future dangers..\nThe 1st episode is something maybe all the viewers wanted to see happen to Goku.. :)\nMr.Satan Surprised Me :')....There was A cameo of a certain pair too.\nI think its gonna be something we're gonna enjoy ...\nSo sit back and enjoy the ride...\n\n34 out of 49 people found the following review useful."]