Genre:
Animation, Comedy, Family 
Parent's Guide:
Frightening & Intense Scenes:
Be the first to evaluate this category

Johnny Bravo can been seen flirting with many woman before getting dumped by them.:
Johnny Bravo appears shirtless sometimes, however it is brief.

Certification:
Australia:G (some episodes) Australia:PG (some episodes) Canada:PG (Manitoba, DVD rating) Canada:14A (Ontario, DVD rating) Denmark:7 Netherlands:AL New Zealand:PG United Kingdom:U United States:TV-Y7 United States:TV-PG (DS) United States:TV-G (some episodes)

Profanity:
Be the first to evaluate this category

Sex & Nudity:
Be the first to evaluate this category

Be the first to evaluate this category:
None.

The word 'sexy' is used.:
Alcohol, Drugs & Smoking

In the episode "Over the Hump!" there are woman that are seen wearing bikini swimsuits.:
Violence & Gore


User Reviews:
[u'Author: newkidontheblock from Nowheresville\n28 August 2004\nYou know, I was a HUGE Johnny Bravo fan. It was an extremely witty animated program that (like Garfield and Friends, Anamainiacs, and Tiny Toons) was kind of a "satire 101" for my generation. I remember when I would look forward to every Friday night at 9 (?) because Johnny Bravo would come on. This blonde Elvis wanna be charmed the country with his hilarious attempt at love, then getting something shoved down his paints or a hard object over his head.\nThen 2000 rolled around and with a new century came new characters, thus the demise of the Johnny Bravo I know and love. It was almost reincarnated as this awful mindless program that made Johnny look almost retarded. Of course they would put old Johnny Bravo in re-runs, for a while, but then they stopped. About a year ago I entirely gave up on The Cartoon Network (with the exception to Family Guy, Futurama, Aqua Teen Hungerforce, Sealab 2021, and Harvey Birdman: A.A.L). The station that once brought classic and sometimes kind of edgy original cartoons, is now a mindless output system of mostly substandard anamie cartoons.\nSo in conclusion, please bring Johnny Bravo to its former, FUNNY self.\n\n14 out of 17 people found the following review useful.', u"Oh, mama!\nAuthor: (guy_geoffroychateau) from The Netherlands\n7 February 2003\nYeah, Johnny Bravo rules!!! It's one of the coolest cartoons Cartoon Network ever showed. The stories had no serious subjects, and most of the things weren't very logical. Actually, nothing was logical. But that is the power of Johnny Bravo. But when the restaurant-owner Pops and the nerd Carl showed up, this cartoon went over the top. There came too much nonsense and wasn't very funny anymore. Besides, the music and drawing style changed, but it didn't get better, it got worse. Too bad, because in it's early days Johnny Bravo was the best!!!\n\n14 out of 17 people found the following review useful.", u'Hilarious\nAuthor: filmbuff-36 from Houston, TX\n9 July 1999\n"Woa! Mama!"\nJohnny Bravo is one of the funniest cartoon shows in recent years. Spoof episodes (Like making fun of "School House Rock" and even the "Terror at 20,000 Feet" episode of the Twilight Zone) are by far the funniest.\nMy favorite is the one where Johnny gets a blind date over the internet and it turns out to be an antelope (like all animals on the show, the antelope can talk and is very anthropomorphic). I recommend this show to any "happening hipster" want to be\'s. A true accomplishment in its field.\n"Your name must be Micky, cause you\'re so fine!"\n\n9 out of 12 people found the following review useful.']